Your Honorable Judge Kyle W Brown,
    My name is Richard Isaac Christopher and I am the proud Father of Ruth Ann Christopher.
    Over the last two years, I have been involved in an ongoing court case, filed on the false charges,
that "I am a dead-beat that wants nothing to do with my daughter", made by Elaine Michell Roberts 
(which can be confirmed by Brian Beck), pursued by Colbert County Courts due to 'Due Process'. After 
establishing paternity and child support, I filed the First Petition for Custody. After filing for a 
Custody Hearing, and being denied - Elaine was granted Full Physical and Legal Custody in a Child Support/
Visitation hearing, which ruling has been granted appeal - but still stands until a new order is put in place.
    There are no criminal priors regarding this case, and outside of a few traffic violations, 
I have no criminal record. Even though Elaine has priors including Domestic Assault, Drug Charges, 
alongside a history of potentially criminal and mental health issues, not to mention the fact that she had
deceived me by cheating, leaving me off of the birth certificate, and filing a case at DHR behind my back 
(while I was living with her, and paying her bills) - I have no intentions of trying to prove her unfit as a 
parent, as this would only reaffirm her belief that I intend to take Ruth away from her. To even attempt to
do so would impose immidiate conflict both upon my self, as a parent, as well as on my child - being torn 
between her parents, and innevitably for Elaine as well.. and I have no intentions of doing such to any of us.
    Considering the illigitacy of this case, the lack of evidence against me, and the unjustified ruling that 
was granted appeal - I do not believe it is right for me to have to defend my self in this case against 
Elaine's ongoing attacks on my character, nor for my Physical and Legal Rights to have been denied for the 
entirety of my childs life thus far. This case is not just about me. IF this case was legitimately made 
against me and my character, not only would there be a lack of evidence supporting my claims, but there 
would be no reason for Elaine to deny Ruth involvement with the rest of my family.
    I know Elaine loves our daughter, but considering that since the time of birth - she has questioned 
who Ruth's father was, has disallowed my entire family and myself any right to be actively involved in Ruth's 
life, as well as using my daughter for personal/financial gain, manipulation and what would seem to be 
malicious intent -
   I am requesting for the courts to be moved to make an immidiate temporary ruling granting Joint Custody
to both parents (my self and Elaine), so that not only myself, but also my entire family, might have and
opportunity to be actively involved in my daughters life. I would happily accept for Ruth to be allowed to
spend equal time alternating weeks between parents/families. I would also be content with Ruth spending
Monday through Friday with Elaine, where I am able to pick her up from the Daycare of Elaines choosing
Friday Evening, and drop her off Monday Morning.
    I am currently an employee of P&G Construction and it's sister company, RockWood Studios making between 
200-400 a week. I currently do not make enough money to cover all of my necessary expenses alongside the 
child support expectations, alongside the other expenses incurred due to the previous court order. 
    I have however recently procured new employement with the Solar Farms in Cherokee, AL. expecting to 
make between 600-800 a week, with full health benefits for my self and my child - although this 
employement opportunity is only expected to last until the job ends in April 2021. 
    I am however still on good terms with both Jay and James Gautney (owners of P&G/Rockwood) who have 
guarenteed me a returning position of employement upon the end of my employment with Aerotek/Solar Farms, 
as well as being a student of Computer Program/Computer Science, hoping to start my own business within the
next 6 months.
    I am more than happy to pay any expected amount of child support, so long as I make enough money to cover
the expenses. I also have no interest in compensation for any legal expenses, back-dated childsupport 
adjustments, or any money owed to me by Elaine (i.e. Taxes) from my being "Primary Financial Provider"
per the Child Support agreement established by Colbert County Department of Human Resources - if I can just
be a part of my childs life. I care not for money, or financial gain, nor for any conflict that might arise
between my self and Elaine. My only goal is for my daughter to be allowed to grow up with both of her parents,
hopefully working together to give her a happy and healthy life.
    Elaine has, on multiple occasions, stated that she has no intentions of doing anything that the Judge
doesn't tell her that she has to.
    It has become painfully aware to me that you are the only hope I have at being able to put my family 
back together. My Mom moved here from Hawaii to be a part of her only Grandchilds life, and has only been 
allowed to see her Granddaughter twice since she was born. Her Mom moved here from San Diego, and has only 
seen her once. My Dad doesn't want to come to Alabama because he fears being put in a situation where
he is forced to side with Elaine just to be allowed to see his only Grandchild.
    God has grant you the authority to rule over my entire life, my family, and my childs entire life and well-being.
    My Daughters Birthday is October 31st. She will be Two before we go to court, and for the majority of 
her life, so far, she has not had a consistent father figure, nor has she been allowed to be a part of my 
families life virtually, at all.
    The courts have requested my Testimony, which I have included alongside all supporting documents and 
evidence I have pertaining to this case.
    Considering the illigitimate nature of the original allegations leading to this case, the previous 
standing ruling in lieu of the granted appeal, as well as my previous years worth of requests for Child 
Support Re-evaluation and Custodial Rights, which has either been denied, suspended, or rescheduled -
    I am requesting temporary Joint Custody, outlined above, with a re-evaluation hearing set in May (after 
my employment with Solar Farms ends) to re-evaluate my income/child support standings alongside our ability 
to coparent. 
    I am also requesting for Court Ordered Mediation to be set, since Elaine refuses to come to an agreement.
    As far as my Child Support standings go, if the courts are willing to favor the above agreement, I, 
Richard Isaac Christopher, am willing to pay the current expected child support rate, forgetting about any 
'back-dated' child support rates, under the conditions that Colbert County erases my past due balance - which
would at least give me a fair opportunity at continuing to pay the current expected rate, which my newfounded
employment opportunity, without either parties having to 'back-date' my child support.
    I believe the terms outlined above are a 'Win-Win' for everyone involved - giving us all the possibility
to come to a healthy resolution, but more-over would grant my self, as well as my family, the opportunity to
be a consistent and healthy part of my daughters life.
    I have already lost out on two yearsof my childs life, and while the courts alleged that I blamed Elaine
for the 'Woes of my Life' - even though I do hold her accountable for the lying, cheating and manipulation - 
through all of this, I have come to realize that no amount of pain and deception is worth holding on to, for
my child. My daughter deserves to have a father, and one who is not burdened with pain and regret.
    At the end of the day, I hold my self accountable for the entirety of this case, alongside any
mental, emotional, physical or financial liability imposed upon myself and my child - as I am the one who willingly had 
a child with Elaine Michelle Roberts.
    Nomatter what she does in life, I have to live with it. I have to handle it actively, responsibly, and
and with a healthy attitude, because my child is going to look to me for an example of what a man should be. 
My only request in full today is for these courts to be moved to give me a fair and standing chance to
do so for my child, and to not let any more time be wasted in the process.

                                    Thank you for your time and consideration,
                                    Richard Isaac Christopher